docs: compiler.run add option param (#9503)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/api/javascript-api/compiler.mdx

    error: Error, // Only including compiler-related errors, such as configuration errors, not including compilation errors
    stats: Stats, // detailed information generated during the compilation
  ) => void,
  options?: {
    modifiedFiles?: ReadonlySet<string>; // Modified files included in this compilation
    removedFiles?: ReadonlySet<string>; // Deleted files included in this compilation
  },
): void;
```

:::warning

> 1. This API only supports one compilation at a time. Please call `compiler.close` in the `compiler.run` callback and wait for it to finish before executing `compiler.run` again. Concurrent compilations will damage the output files.
> 2. Rspack cache invalidation detection relies on `modifiedFiles` and `removedFiles`. When cache is enabled, they need to be passed to Rspack via the options parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you need to call the `run` method of the same `compiler` object multiple times, please note the following:

1. This API does not support concurrent compilation. Before starting a new compilation, you must call `compiler.close()` in the callback function of `compiler.run` and wait for it to finish. Only then can you proceed with the next `compiler.run` call. Running multiple compilation processes simultaneously can lead to unexpected results in the output files.
2. Rspack's cache invalidation detection relies on the `modifiedFiles` and `removedFiles` parameters. When caching is enabled and you're using a custom watcher to watch file changes, you need to pass these values to Rspack via the `options` parameter.

```
